Better document all testing frameworks (#35922)
elastic/beats: docs/devguide/testing.asciidoc

how new tests are added.

=== Tests outside the Beats repository
There are two frameworks outside the Beats repository testing Beats:

* https://github.com/elastic/beats-tester[Beats Tester]
* https://github.com/elastic/e2e-testing[End-to-End Testing]

==== Beats Tester
Beats Tester uses Vagrant and Ansible to ensure Beats can be
installed, run and assert some basic functionality like logging and
metrics are working as expected.

Currently it runs on long living branches and on `main` on a daily
schedule. It does not block PRs, nor does it appear on PR checks.

It is currently run by Jenkins on
https://beats-ci.elastic.co/job/Beats/job/beats-tester/[Beats Tester
orchestrator], failure notifications are sent to Slack on #ingest-notifications.

===== Known issues
* It can be flaky due to a design issue: on every run it will fetch
some artifacts from the https://artifacts-api.elastic.co[artifacts API],
however if another job has published a newer artifact for that
branch/PR, then the job will fail with a checksum error
* It uses an older version of Ansible
* Very few people understand how it works

==== End to End Testing

> End to End Testing is used by the Observability team and focus on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End to End Testing is used by the Observability team and focuses on
```

Kubernetes tests. It should not be used by the Elastic-Agent
team.

=== Tests in the Beats repository
There are three test suites:

* Unit Tests written in Go
* Integration tests written in Go

> * Tests written in Python (deprecated, replaced by integration tests in Go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tests written in Python (deprecated, in transition to integration tests in Go)
```

The tests written in Go use the https://golang.org/pkg/testing/[Go Testing
package]. The tests written in Python depend on
https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/[pytest] and require a compiled and
executable binary from the Go code (the system test binary). The
python test run a beat with a specific config and params and either
check if the output is as expected or if the correct things show up in
the logs.

For both of the above test suites so called integration tests exists. Integration tests in Beats are tests which require an external system like Elasticsearch to test if the integration with this service works as expected. Beats provides in its testsuite docker containers and docker-compose files to start these environments but a developer can run the required services also locally.

==== Running Go Unit Tests

> The Go unit tests can be executed in each Go package by running `go test .`. This will execute all tests which don't don't require an external service to be running. To run all non integration tests for a beat run `mage unitTest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Go unit tests can be executed in each Go package by running `go test .`. This will execute all tests which don't require an external service to be running. To run all non integration tests for a beat run `mage unitTest`.
```

All Go tests are in the same package as the tested code itself and have the suffix `_test` in the file name. Most of the tests are in the same package as the rest of the code. Some of the tests which should be separate from the rest of the code or should not use private variables go under `{packagename}_test`.

===== Running Go Integration Tests

> Integration tests are labelled with the `//go:build integration` build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests are labeled with the `//go:build integration` build
```

tag and use the `_integration_test.go` suffix.
They require some external dependencies to be running, like {es} or

> the system test binary that can be build with `mage buildSystemTestBinary`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the system test binary that can be built with `mage buildSystemTestBinary`.
```
